The extent of the nakedness of women when they are mahrams
The second question is: What is the ruling on wearing a woman's clothes when she is pregnant?
Is it all 'awrah, or from navel to knee?
What is the ruling on half the quantity of women in mahrams?
What is the ruling on wearing transparent clothes?
There is a difference between the scholars and the
scholars among them. Some of them said that the haraam
is one that is above the navel and below the knee for
the mahram. Arms, and hands, such as the feet, the tip
of the leg, something that has been the norm for the
intercession between incest and in the home, this is the
closest, and the best cover except that, except when needed like the need for breastfeeding, taking out her breasts
when breastfeeding, And so on.
The fact is that she covers her body and takes care of her mahrams, especially in this age
In which the religion in some of the people and the many
immorality and indulgence of many men,
The fact that they are being protected by their elders,
especially the ignorant and the corrupt, should always be tolerated
It does not appear except the usual appearance of the face and foot and foot, or some
Feeling when needed is fine with this, and whatever possible means reservation is first, except
Face, hands and feet when incest, because some of the ascetic may decorate the devil
And if it is haraam, the reservation should be made only as possible.
Which is predominant by revealing it from the face, hands, feet, and so on